Correction of map representation in RESP2 (#2587)
redis/redis-doc: docs/reference/protocol-spec.md

{{% alert title="Map pattern in RESP2" color="info" %}}
RESP2 doesn't have a map type.

> Maps in RESP2 are represented by arrays, in which each two element is a key-value tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maps in RESP2 are represented by arrays, in which each pair of elements is a key-value tuple.
```

Reviewer 2: This is not correct.

A map in RESP2 is a flat array with alternating key and value, like `[key1, value1, key2, value2, ...]`. At least that's what HGETALL returns.

The next line "Each tuple is an array with two elements, these being the key and the value." is also wrong.

Reviewer 2: The word "tuple" is confusing in particular. I will suggest another formulation.

> Maps in RESP2 are represented by arrays, in which each two element is a key-value tuple.
> Each tuple is an array with two elements, these being the key and the value.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this is more clear?

```suggestion
A map in RESP2 is represented by a flat array containing the keys and the values.
The first element is a key, followed by the corresponding value, then the next key and so on, like this:
`key1, value1, key2, value2, ...`.
```
